Okay, so if you guys will go to 4D part 5,
final styling of the elements,
open up that code pen and
fork it to your account.
We're ready for the last part of
this which is adding an album cover.
Remember that album cover
is going to show up above.
Above the audio player, there we go.
Kind of like that.
The track list is not in
the right place on this, but
the cover will be on the top and
the audio player will be underneath, okay?
So let's go through how we're
gonna go about adding that.
If you've forked your code pen here,
you'll see that we have the URL
here at the top of the 4D audio player,
part E, style, everything else.
And we can just copy that URL here.
And we are going to add that
before our audio player container.
So we can put in, let's say,
a section with a class of cover.
And we can end that section,
right after our audio
player container here.
And then for our image,
we can just post that on in here,
copy and paste in our album cover, and
we can say for our alt text, album cover.
It was all a dream by
Magenta Lime, okay?
And then we have a little
bit of styling to do here
I'm gonna just add this style here inside
of audio and what I'm going to do,
because now I have this section with
a class of cover that goes around that
image and my audio player container.
If I can just take this audio player
container and just change it to cover,
a class of cover, and
that'll group everything nicely.
There's our album cover and
there's our audio player right underneath.
Sweet, so what I'd like for you to take
away from this section is the following.
We went online we found an article that
explained how to make an audio player
without, hey look the audio player has
a mute button, it has a play button,
it has the little track for volume and
for playing the track, right?
And all those things look terrible, didn't
look anything like we wanted it to look,
but yet we were able to go in and
apply our styling to that.
And the reason I'm bringing this to your
attention is that you are going to do
the same thing, but
with the hamburger button